# pandas-challenge
Weekly Challenge 4: Pandas
The data in PyCitySchools is a concatenation of a dataset of test scores in math and English among students in a certain district and a dataset that describes the budget, type, and student population of the schools in the same district. From this data we were able to derive additional information on the average math test scores, the average reading test scores, and the percentage of students passing math, English, and both classes for the district. We then analyzed the above information through a variety of meaningful groupings. We first did so by looking at each individual school. Based on the data we derived in this section of our code, we can conclude that students in charter schools perform better on math and English exams than students in district school. We can base this conclusion on the top 5 overall passing percentages being attributed to charter schools, while the bottom 5 overall passing percentages are represented by district schools out of 15 total schools represented. We then examined passing percentages for math and English by grade for each school. From this data we can conclude that grades tend to stay consistent across grades within a singular school, but vary at the same grade level between schools.
We then moved on to examine the relationship between budget and grades. We are able to conclude that as the budget decreases, we likewise see a downward trend in the percentage of students passing in both classes and overall. Next, we examined the data based on school size and type. This yielded similar conclusions to those mentioned above; district schools did not perform as well as charter schools in the percentage of students passing each course
